Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burn.
It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday.
Monday morning podcast.
Yeah.
Ah,
just checking in on you.
Just chicken and on you to see all your weeks go with Vivian.
Was it to frame?
Um,
I'm in New York City.
If I can wake up in a shitty that blows me just for being there and where my
fucking sweat pants while eating Tad's steaks.
There's so many people not make it into New York,
but they play that fucking song and everybody thinks they're making it.
Right.
D
fucking homeless people are taking public shits on the subway grade.
They dropped down on Wall Street people.
Now that was the 90s at all.
Gradually went away.
It all went away.
And now there's like bicycles and chairs in the streets.
This is all shit I might be talking about tonight.
I am in New York for my final press stop and then I am done hyping the,
uh,
for the most part I'm done hyping this second season of f is for family.
I told you was out there,
take it or leave it.
Either want to watch it or you don't.
I'm going to be doing a Steven Colbert tonight,
how
it will not air until tomorrow.
So one of the hardest things about doing his show tonight is,
aside from the fact I believe he tapes it,
the Ed Sullivan Theater,
which is where I used to do stand up when I did Letterman,
which is where the Beatles,
you know,
did their thing,
which is where Jackie Mason allegedly flipped off somebody's,
you know when he's still maintains,
he didn't back on the Ed Sullivan show.
Okay.
It was Ken who,
if you want to go far enough back,
I'm sure there was some date of Americans just chilling out there eating a
fucking rabbit.
They can look at this paradise.
It's like the entire Strip a Manhattan and all it looks like central park and
the other Indian native American goes,
what the fuck is central park at any points to a ship of white people coming
over the horizon?
Ah,
these fucking people tell you about
the first fucking Quakers.
Would they Quaker?
What's the difference between Quakers and those people with the buckles on the
hat that first stopped off at Plymouth Rock,
if that ever happened on the Nina,
the Pinta and the Santa Marina,
Santa Maria,
Nina,
the Pinta Center.
But they sound like they're from Spain.
Right?
Why were they a bunch of white people from England
writing in Spanish boats.
This is like f one.
Let me get this straight.
This is the,
this is the team from India,
yet they have a Mercedes engine.
Um,
all right.
I'm all over the map.
I need to get focused.
All right.
I am pretty focused.
I'll tell you why.
I'll tell you why all Billie no fund.
Oh,
you know,
it was Billy,
half of fun.
You know,
cause I was still celebrating my birthday so I had a couple of glasses of wine,
you know,
sitting there like I was sophisticated.
Like I read,
you know,
like I was a social life.
Like I was the kind of person that you just invite to a party because I'm an
interesting person to have there.
You know,
you ever seen that?
Like in France,
they still have social lights.
They some,
I don't know how they make a living,
but they're just these people who don't really have jobs.
And if you have a party,
it's not a party unless you invite this person and everybody's dying to get into
the circle that they stand in to discuss anything from art to world politics to
fashion.
Not saying that fashion isn't an art form.
Okay.
For all the fucking dressmakers who listen to this.
I have a lot of dressmakers by the way,
that listen to this podcast,
you know,
a lot of them always have to stop and hit rewind because some of their sequence
hit the floor and they couldn't quite make out what I was saying.
Um,
what am I saying?
My voice is in the same register as sequence hitting the floor.
I think.
I think I am.
I think that's the most roundabout way anybody has ever called themselves,
you know,
uh,
a bit of a Nancy boy.
Oh,
you mean the guy with these,
the sequin tone voice.
All right.
What am I saying here on cake?
I got to,
I have a,
I have a major,
major announcement on so many different levels here.
All right.
I hope you're sitting down.
I'm pregnant.
Okay.
I was taking these hormones to try and lose weight and I grew a wound.
Somehow I got abs,
but you know,
there's always,
you know,
you can't have your cake and eat it and somehow I got pregnant,
you wouldn't think,
you know,
I somehow while jerking off,
sorry.
Anyways,
uh,
what I want to say here is,
versus uh,
Paul Versey.
I'm doing this bad or at the all things comedy network is going to be producing
their first hour long standup special.
And the person who we picked to do it is,
uh,
my good friend friend of the podcast.
Um,
one of the four horsemen on the road that I take out there,
Paul Versey is going to be doing a special tickets are on sale now.
All right.
And um,
this actually the idea of this was brought to us by his good friend Saturday
night lives on Pete Davidson,
Pete Davidson,
Al and all things comedy.
Al Madrigal and myself are all going to be involved,
um,
with producing the standup special and,
uh,
me and Pete will be going on.
Um,
the night of Paul's shows,
he's going to be doing two shows on August 13th,
one at 7:00 PM one at 9:30 PM at the Tarrytown music hall in Tarrytown,
New York.
Um,
one of my favorite theaters out there and I'm,
Paul's obviously going to be closing,
doing his special and in the beginning,
uh,
me and Pete are going to mess around or whatever,
do some stuff,
make you laugh,
warm up the crowd for Paul.
And then Paul's going to absolutely kill it.
This is the biggest thing that I've done in my career.
I'd never produced anything like this.
We're putting a lot of money out there.
Uh,
Paul is a beast.
Um,
it would mean the world to me and DePaul and it was family baggaged all Becky's
tier a few guys came down.
Um,
tickets are only 20 bucks.
I'll be hanging out,
meeting people after the show.
Whenever you want to do,
I'll fucking,
whatever you want me to do,
just whatever I have to do to fill this thing up.
So Paul Versey can do his specialty or,
so,
uh,
we're going to have the ticket link and everything like that.
The tickets are alive.
Whatever the,
the,
you can buy them right now.
You can pull over in your car,
you can continue to drive and run that risk and try to buy tickets while you're
driving.
Um,
August 13th,
it's a Sunday night in August on the 13th,
a 7:00 PM 9:30 PM the Tarrytown music hall.
Um,
there's going to be a huge night really looking forward to itself.
Oh,
and also,
you know what else I forgot to bring up.
Holy Shit.
The F is for family.
I tweeted about it.
We finally,
we got some march,
we got tee shirts,
we got some for the ladies from,
for the men,
you know,
some for the boys and girls.
We've got everything down there.
You know,
we got some Kevin Shirts,
frank shirts,
efforts for families,
shirts,
Vic shirts,
you know,
and just when you think you have all the bases covered,
people go,
what about this character?
Why don't you have his shit?
And I think cause they get,
they're going mainstream at first and then eventually everybody will have some
stuff.
All right.
Um,
anyway,
so let's get down to what the fuck went on this week.
The big story yet that,
that Dad Butoh do Conor McGregor
and a money Mayweather,
I don't even know his first name.
The Floyd,
Floyd money moneymaking get money.
Mayweather are going to have a boxing match in August.
Pay per view.
What do you guys think about this?
Are you going to take your hard earned paper that is backed by no gold or you're
going to write a piece,
a number on a piece of paper,
stick it in another piece of paper and mail it to the paper view people to watch
this fight?
Do you think a,
this is fucking amazing or a B,
this has gotta be one of the dumbest fucking things I've ever heard in my life.
Um,
you know me,
I'm a fucking curmudgeon,
but I'm also wrong a lot.
God knows that God knows I'm wrong.
I mean,
I didn't know something the other day.
What's somebody correct me on?
I didn't know about Kryptonite people,
you know,
and that's what I love about my fan base on this podcast.
They're smart enough,
you know,
when I make a major full pause such as that of not describing Superman's planet
blowing up and what Kryptonite really is,
you know,
I will always regret that and I'll never be able to apologize long enough.
A lot of people had to apologize over the last couple of weeks in my industry
and um,
yeah,
and they put their controversies behind them,
but I don't think I'll ever outlive not knowing,
um,
what Kryptonite was and I,
I accept full responsibility.
Um,
anyways,
I,
this is like the dumbest fucking thing ever.
Yeah.
Okay.
Conor McGregor fights for living Mayweather fights for a living,
but that's,
that's it.
So they're just going to box.
All right.
They're going to be wearing the fucking 16 ounce gloves,
whatever the fuck a box of where's this is?
This is the stupidest fucking thing ever.
But this is,
this is like watching Duran go to the warriors,
you know the warriors.
So it's over.
It's fucking over.
It's fits over.
Watching the Golden State Warriors Win the NBA championship this year was
basically watching like a bad summertime movie.
It was big.
It was loud and you knew how it was going to end and it was,
yeah,
it was fucking boring.
Right.
By the way,
congratulations.
I should at least do that.
Okay.
I mean this fucking in the war is our amazing,
it's actually bad that Durant joined them as far as like their legacy because
you really had a team that you know has already had the potential to be like a
dynasty.
They came within a couple of seconds.
So winning back to back without Durant going there.
So congratulations to the warriors.
Congratulations to their fans.
My condolences to any fan of basketball that enjoys competition and enjoys seven
game series.
Congratulations to people that want to save the environment and want four people
in a fucking car.
The pile on team.
That's the basketball team for you.
Cause I just look at it as a metaphor.
There wasn't a lack of competition that was a thumbs up for the diamond lane.
Let's get all the stars in the same vehicle.
All right?
Mcgregor verse May,
whether this would basically be like if you took Jerry Rice in the prime of his
career,
Tom Brady in the prime of his career,
and you're like,
let's figure out who's a better football player.
But the only way you are going to measure that it was how far they could throw a
football.
You aren't going to do the 40 yard dash.
She won't get to see if they could catch.
You know what I mean?
I Dunno.
It's just
Mayweather boxes.
They're to have a boxing match.
Now you know how fucking over this fight would be if McGregor was allowed to
use,
you know everything else that he does,
taking it to the ground that kicks to fucking choke,
choke him out all,
I mean I don't,
I don't know shit about the fight game and I know this is fucking stupid.
This is dumb.
Well,
what do you have next to a fucking elephant?
First of fucking Cheetah and they're gonna have a foot race.
What does drug is animals ever one of them fat to dead animals ever?
Let's have a competition between the two of them based on nothing but speed
dump truck for his Lamborghini.
Both forms of transportation.
Yeah.
I'll tell you what's going to be,
the only thing that's going to be interesting is if Mayweather can actually
knock him out.
He's a 40 year old guy.
I know his hands.
Uh,
you know,
he,
I believe he has constant pain in them.
Um,
I'm a huge fan of both of them.
And uh,
this is nothing more than a fucking money grab.
This is a smash and fucking grab.
This is like when fucking,
yeah.
It's like with Bobby Ray.
This is like,
I put this in the same,
it's a better version of when Bobby Riggs played Billie Jean King or fucking
Muhammad Ali fought Lyle Zeto.
Ah,
how Kogan fought fucking rocky Balboa or whatever the fuck.
I mean,
this is,
it's,
it's in that vein.
You know,
I think it's really ironic that the circus just went on a business and now
they're having this paper view.
I bet the same people who cashed out on the circus,
speaking of elephants,
they got their money behind this one.
This is not.
Um,
and what's going to be funny is all the mouth breathers,
who want to say boxing's a better form.
If you know when Mei,
whether beats fucking McGregor buy out,
pointing him or whatever the fuck he's going to do,
um,
everyone's gonna be seek bug bucks.
It's better than MMA.
It's gonna be like,
dude,
he's not doing it.
This is like fucking having a breakdancer keg guy battle a guy who does nothing
but the waltz and we're going to have a waltzing contest.
Not to say that the break dance couldn't figure it out.
He doesn't have enough time.
Yeah.
So here's the deal.
I am,
I'm going to say this right now and I probably won't because I'll probably get
sucked into the,
I'm going to do my best to not get into this,
to get sucked into the hype of this fucking fight.
All right.
I am going to,
uh,
I'm going to wait.
I'm just gonna I'm sitting it out.
Okay.
And I'm hoping I'm wrong and I hope people say,
Bill,
that was the greatest fucking fight I've ever seen in my life.
It went,
the distance is somehow against all odds,
but Gregor beat Mayweather and then I'll be like,
you know what?
Then I'm gonna,
I'll sit down and I'll fucking watch out.
Dude.
I don't give a shit.
That's like after you see a movie,
when the Oscar,
you know,
you kind of know what the movie's about,
but you still had seen it.
You can go back and watch it.
Right.
This is the one thing I am
really excited about is that Mcgregor and Mayweather are going to make a bunch
of fucking money.
Good for them,
good for them.
You know,
because those guys usually ended up with their brains all fucked up.
they might as well have some money.
Right.
So good for them.
So I'm glad a bunch of people are going to watch that and think that this is
going to be,
you know,
let's see what's better.
M m a R fucking boxing.
They already decided that way back before Dana white even got into this shit
back when it was,
just remember the early days when they didn't,
I didn't know what the name of it was.
I remember portrays telling me,
dude,
you gotta watch this shit way back in the day when,
uh,
you know that fucking boxer came in wearing one boxing glove.
He fought the other guy yet one boxing glove on and the other guy had more of a
wrestling background.
He just put the guy on his back and now he's sitting there with one hand and the
other hand's got a mitten on it that's tied to his wrist and he can't get it
off.
It was a shit show.
So,
um,
okay.
I Dunno,
I dunno.
You never know what the fucking app,
you never know what can happen.
But
I will say this,
I can't put whoever the fuck put that together.
Jesus Christ.
I can't imagine the Mana hoops you had to jump to.
Now that I'm getting into producing here and I'm producing a special
for Paul Versey didn't look at me.
I already feel a little more arrogant.
I mean get myself some big fancy Hollywood reading glasses,
those giant ones.
Hey,
by the way,
what is going on with the world?
This fucking guy and went to a softball game and shot it up.
Now I know it's not John Goodman,
you know,
kind of looks like him.
Is it his brother Ron?
Is it Ron Goodman?
Trump haters shoots GOP big
GLP.
Big Comma.
Three others.
Both parties stunned.
Okay.
By ball field horror.
Well yeah,
obviously.
Did you need to say that?
Oh,
it was one of them.
Not a dog.
You know what happened?
She plays softball.
Shit like this happens.
Left wing Zealot,
whatever that means.
Shoots,
Republicans
Rep for others.
Look at us.
This is fucking hilarious.
Cause the daily news is,
is left leaning since Trump paid or they did get that out.
This is says they make sure to say both parties are.
So that's why they did it because they left these.
And then over here,
the posts,
who's right wing as like left wing zealots shoots Republican Rep for uh,
for others.
Uh,
why do you guys think this shit that keeps happening?
I think it's the internet,
you know,
and I'm telling you right now,
if the shit like this keeps happening,
if we don't all grow the fuck up,
they're going to take the internet away from us and it probably be a smart thing
and we should go back to just sort of living small lives,
entertaining ourselves,
sitting on stoops during hot days,
you know,
start making music.
Thank you.
Laptop won't work anymore.
That'll be like the modern day washboard I think need to just kind of go back to
that.
You don't need to happen.
People need to go back to playing cards,
playing hearts,
Fan Tan,
all those old bridge.
I think that that's what needs to happen.
People need to just kind of walk away from social media and all of this shit.
Cause I think people,
I don't know what the deal is.
They get,
they get into fucking what kind of a fucking lunatic?
I mean,
what,
what was he trying to,
yeah,
I don't even,
I don't even like,
I usually avoid those things,
but I,
you know,
I have,
I'm doing a talk show today,
so I got to fucking know what's going on in the world and be like,
what's the deal with this?
So what's the deal with that?
So I figured it'd be the usual.
Some politician got caught,
shown his dick or banging a stripper,
but now it's just a,
it's just a bunch of,
he came in fucking play softball anymore.
See,
this is why I don't read the paper.
It just makes you upset.
You know what?
Fuck this.
I'm going for the bread and circus.
I'm going to fucking,
I'm going to get McGregor first.
Mayweather,
you know,
then who do I root for?
I think I got to root for Mayweather.
But even though I always go for the underdog,
which Mcgregor has to be considering,
you know,
he has this Swiss army knife of shitty knows how to do and it's like,
no,
they only knife you can take out is a,
the one may whether it's going to use,
and he's been sharpening his for the last fucking 30,
40 years.
He's been boxing his whole life.
MMM.
I will say this though,
if Mcgregor beats may,
whether,
I mean,
is that the end of boxing?
Did I really just say that is well,
I know.
Should I be on ESPN right now?
Will this be the end of boxing?
Um,
it was already bad when Mayweather and fucking,
uh,
the Filipino dude,
what the fuck's his name there?
You know,
when they should have fought like 30 years earlier,
they finally got around to fighting and then the,
the,
the Filipino guy who was also like a congressman at that point and like a
karaoke singer,
I believe.
MMM.
He had like a hurt hand when they finally find him.
He just took everybody's fucking money.
How many company White Bentley's are you going to buy?
This guy's,
you know,
at some point people.
MMM.
Anyways,
so I'm here in New York and I'm,
I'm,
I'm sober William now and I'm,
I'm enjoying it.
I really am.
I'm getting eight.
I was fucking sleep,
you know,
I wake up,
I feel good.
The Sun's a little brighter.
Um,
you know,
and it feels good to have it.
They have it on me is before,
you know,
it used to be like had birds.
MMM.
So my new thing now is I just meet people and I go to dinner,
I go to fucking lunch with them,
you know.
So I just met with my,
one of my buddies,
uh,
that runs to stand over there,
stand comedy club.
And uh,
we went over to a diner and I'm sitting there and,
uh,
the thing about La is,
is a bunch of characters in la,
but we're in cars,
so you don't get to interact with people in New York.
You just walk down the streets,
you just get to over here,
all this shit.
So I'm sitting there waiting for my buddy to show up and there's this lady,
this lady,
older lady sitting in this booth and she,
she,
you know,
you know little kids wave cause it just learning how to use their arm after a
while you get so old you forget how to use it again.
So she's doing like a little kid way of like,
it's just like she sort of shaking that limb in her hands,
just sort of flopping around as if she has no control over a wrist anymore.
That old lady wave,
right.
So the way it comes over and says,
what's the problem?
She's like,
yes,
there's something wrong with my coke.
And I'm thinking,
okay they brought Pepsi instead of whatever Coca Cola.
She goes,
there's something wrong with my coke.
it's not an a,
can't so you know the way to la.
He goes,
all right man,
well we'll take care of.
Well we'll fix that for you.
Right.
And she continues ongoing.
I don't know if I forgot to say it,
I probably did,
but it's supposed to be at a kid.
So he goes to take a full glass of coke away and as he takes away she goes,
I didn't drink out of it.
Like he was just going to pass it on to the next person that orders a coke,
which was hilarious.
So then I'm sitting there with a buddy of mine,
they buddies shows up and as we're talking we were discussing a getting older
and he had some fucking ailment he's been dealing with and that woman chimes in
and says she has the same whatever the fuck it was fucking older person think
she'd shines in that she has the same thing and it isn't this type,
it's that type.
And it just,
it felt like I was on a Seinfeld episode.
Um,
and then I was just sitting there laughing cause she just kept talking to my
buddy and had to turn around and talking to her and I was muttering to him going
like,
I want to see how good your wrap it up skill sir.
How are you going to get out of this one?
And he turned back laughing,
going,
I don't know,
do we have to change the subject?
Because she kept shining a minute.
Do you have to talk quieter?
It's,
can she hear us right now?
Um,
but I don't know.
I thought it was an la guy.
I've just been coming back to New York too much lately and I'm starting to feel
like I want to live back here again,
which is scaring me because I have so many friends in a whole life out in la.
But I mean,
I'm doing F is for family,
so I can't come back.
But I never thought I'd,
I thought I was a lifer out in la,
but I'm coming back here and I'm kind of liking it.
So,
um,
this is the exact same feeling I used to have when I would go out to la from New
York after I swore I would never live out in la again.
But then I'm also thinking like,
Bill,
is this just how you're wired?
Where after a while you just get tired of a fucking place and then you want to,
I don't know,
Lord,
out with,
oh,
by the way,
a rested piece,
Greg Allman,
uh,
Jesus Christ,
end of an era.
The amount of fucking people,
by the way,
it's just scare me because it's just,
it's,
it used to be like people that when I was a little kid,
I would watch their shit and they were already old.
You know,
when the Bob hopes to bing Crosby's The d Martins,
the Sammy Davis Jr to Frank Sinatra's,
all of them,
you know,
all of them both started passing away,
but they will all telly Savalas,
you know,
Lee Marvin,
Charles Bronson,
all of those guys,
Paul Newman,
Steve Mcqueen,
all of them.
Yule Brenner,
Jesus Christ till we get it.
They were all fucking way before my time.
A lot of them were first generation or they came over,
you know,
because we,
Bronson came over from Poland.
He worked in like coal mines and Shit.
And uh,
but now it's catching up to where the fuck I am.
You know,
Batman died.
Davy Jones died from one of the monkeys,
right?
He died.
All right.
Greg Allman died.
George Michael,
it's it skits creeping up,
right.
It's starting to creep up to like now these are like people who were born,
born in the forties 50s a couple people around 1960 I was born in 68 and say,
hey,
hey fucking pumped the brakes here and this is classic me.
Right.
I can still somehow make somebody else's death about myself.
Isn't that nice?
All right,
so listen to this shit.
I went into fucking guitars Santa for like the first time in years.
I never go in there,
but my wife was around the corner,
you know,
taking my lovely daughter to some doctor's appointment.
You know,
whenever she goes over there she,
my daughter cries and stuff.
I don't like it.
I know she comes out better.
I know the doctor is amazing.
I don't like going over there,
you know,
I just don't,
you thought it gets shots and shit or whatever.
By the way,
we did the total immune thing and my daughter's fine by the way.
We did all of that shit.
Thank God.
Cause everyone fucking was scaring the shit out of you.
Like,
don't dog fucking get him vaccinated for the mops.
That's gonna cause this,
it's going to cause that.
And when I finally did was I realized everybody telling me that none of them
were wearing lab coats and none of them had medical degrees framed pictures
behind me.
And I said,
I'm going to roll the dice with the person that went to school for this shit.
And we did.
And she's fine.
She's totally alert,
smiles and all that type of shit.
There was nothing bad happened.
Thank fucking Christ,
but I don't like to be there when that shit goes down.
So I just said,
listen,
I'm gonna fucking,
I'll be around the corner.
I'm going to go buy some drum sticks,
blah,
blah.
So I walk into guitars Satta
and I'm there,
right as it's
10 minutes before it opens,
it finally opens and I go upstairs to their drum department,
you know,
because they always tell he's banished drums to the back of the music that
they're always like,
go fuck yourself.
Right.
Guitar was the hot chick,
you know?
Or it's sort,
it used to be,
now I'm finding the electronics,
all this debt,
a whole generation of like DJ music and all that shit is like it that's becoming
coming up more to the front of the store or becoming a larger surface area of
the store,
which is another thing making me feel old other than all these people that,
you know,
where I remembered,
like they were young.
That's what I'm just trying to say.
They would like young,
when I was young,
they will like in their twenties and shit and now they've lived a full life and
are dead.
And I'm like,
how the fuck does that happen?
It's like,
well,
Bill,
you're 49 in 20 years you can be 69,
you'd be pushing 70.
It's how fast it fucking goes.
So,
um,
I didn't want to fuck my point West Jesus Christ,
am I going to die in this week?
Um,
was I saying oh yeah.
So I go over to the fucking guitar center and uh,
I walk in,
so I go upstairs to buy some drum sticks and I'm,
they're so fucking early,
there's like nobody there.
So I walk up and I grabbed my,
my drum sticks.
I always get,
you know,
get it five B right.
And I fucking,
well I'm tried to electronic drum kits,
you know what I mean?
They got that sick ass Roland one that has like literally like a regular
acoustic look at Bass Drum.
It's fucking around on that thing.
That thing's amazing.
Oh my God.
If you want to ever feel like you're ready to play a fucking arena,
sit down or one of those fucking Roland kits.
And this is not free advertising,
I'm just calling a spade a spade there.
Fucking unbelievable.
So,
um,
anyways,
I'm looking around and I sit behind this one kid and I hit,
go to hit the bass drum and they got this head on it that looks like a regular
head.
It barely makes any noise.
I'm like,
what the fuck is this?
What does this technology,
I didn't know this existed.
And um,
then I was looking at,
they had the little quest love breakbeat kit and then they had another one,
like an upgraded version of that,
which was the,
uh,
the sonar kit.
And I was like,
Oh fuck,
look at these little ass things.
And then they've got these heads that make no fucking noise.
Right?
What the fuck?
So I,
I just,
I dunno,
I just started looking and I'm like,
Father's Day.
Father's day is coming up this weekend.
How about happy father's day to me,
cause I got one of those,
my garage,
I've got this DW,
like those practice pad kits and those things fucking suck.
You can't get through a song without something falling off.
They just suck.
I fucking hate the thing.
All right.
I want to get rid of it.
So I'm sitting there going,
all right,
I ordered a drum kit and I have a studio space ready to go,
but didn't realize I thought I could just go down and get the drum kit.
But the color I wanted,
I had to order it.
It's not going to be here for fucking two months.
So now what do I do?
What do I do in the meantime?
And then suddenly I get this idea go,
I know I'm going to buy one of these little fucking Martini kits here.
All right,
I'll keep the regular heads on and I'll just play in the studio space on the
small kid.
And then when my real kick comes,
I'll just get rid of the DW one in my garage and put the silent heads on it.
I could just practice on that when I don't have time to drive out of the fucking
little studio space.
This is perfect.
So then I was like,
what do I do?
What do I get?
The Ludwig by American Questlove or the sonar kit,
Phil Rudd.
ACDC.
Steve Smith,
right Ben?
He grabbed Holly's monsters,
play on these fucking things.
And um,
I actually ended up going with the sonar kit.
A bass drum has a little bit deeper than the floor time wasn't a 13.
It was a 14 and a,
it was a bad ass,
a little bebop kind of kit.
And I've,
I've gone off the fucking rails listening to jazz drummers.
I never understood it.
And now with my great drum teacher and everything,
I'm starting to understand it to the point,
if I see you the text messaging that I had,
the drum nerd text messaging than I had with um,
my,
uh,
my drum teacher.
Oh,
before I say that,
by the way,
what is so amazing about getting rid of that John Bonham set up that I had is
now the whole world of what the fuck do I want to play has opened up.
And I don't have any drum kit already taken up space.
That was,
you know,
somebody else loved and I loved them.
So now I'm going to try to step into their shoes and it never fucking works.
That is completely gone.
And now I'm just looking at all these different drum set score and add and
fucking like a little bit of that with a little bit of this.
It's unreal.
So I buy the thing and you know,
I'm supposed to walk back over to the doctor's office with a pair of drum sticks
and uh,
you know,
get back in the car with my lovely wife,
my beautiful daughter.
But,
um,
now I bought a little drum kit,
so I got this giant box.
So I just ended up going,
I fuck this.
I got to take a picture of the box.
I just stood in the back garage.
Uh,
they got a parking lot behind the place and I was just like,
yeah,
I kind of bought something
and I just took a picture of the box with the sonar kit and I just wrote happy
father's day to me near as cool as shit she just wrote.
Oh,
Jesus.
She so fucking cool.
She doesn't give a shit.
Right.
Um,
so she pulled up and then I opened up on my credit.
We got the fucking little hatchback fucking thing here and I opened it up in the
goddamn strollers in this.
So I had to move shit around and do all this fucking stuff.
And I gotta tell you,
I cannot fucking wait.
I'm moving into my a little studio thing tomorrow and I cannot fuck a weight.
And did they mention,
I've gone off the rails,
listen to these jazz drummers,
and I am now convinced that Tony Williams is the greatest drummer of all time
and it's not even fucking close.
I don't want to start a debate.
I know.
I just did the fucking guys unbelievable.
And I never understood what he was doing other than that he was playing 90
million miles an hour on his ride cymbal.
So I was listening to this album,
a miles Davis miles smiles.
And there's this song on there called footprints and it's one of those things
that when I was younger,
meaning like 46 or 47 before I started taking lessons,
um,
it would have just sounded like five guys playing five different songs.
And then that Tony Williams was doing this Keith Moon Shit underneath it where
he was just soloing or whatever.
And I was,
when I first was listening to it,
I,
I only thing I could kind of,
that was consistent was the baseline.
It was this baseline going,
can I take a gun,
got Duh,
Duh,
Duh.
And I was just counting that and I'm going,
okay,
it's since six,
it's in six and it's,
and I don't know what Tony's doing and it's,
she's playing 90 mils a million miles an hour.
But what's amazing about the song is in the middle of it,
Tony slows down and it's almost like he's like,
okay,
stupid.
It's in four.
All right,
and here's where it is.
Here's where beat two is in his word before is,
and then after,
then he don't,
he does that for a couple of bars and he speeds up again,
it's like a drum class and it's like,
oh my God,
this guy's playing eighth notes.
Okay.
Against what this guy's playing.
That sounds like it's said six,
but it's really just almost like three against four.
I know this is nerdy drum ship,
but there's gotta be drum out there that understands it and then he's doing that
metric modulation thing,
which there wasn't even a fucking name for what he was doing to describe it with
then as he's playing eighth notes.
Okay.
That the eighth note Senate,
he implies it that each one of those high head hits is the two and four and
plays the jazz,
that thing they linkedin doing against that and then the e and the top become
the,
the the fucking one and the three and he's playing that underneath all of this
shit.
So the rest of the band I guess is sort of playing in an implied six while he's
playing for underneath that doing this metric modulation to the fore.
But fucking blows my mind is that he's playing at that fucking level and it
roughly the same year,
I was joking with my teachers that that song by the Archie's sugar came out and
was like a number one hit.
He's doing that and you know they sell like one 90th of the fucking albums
that a song.
Ah,
sugar.
Oh honey honey.
Yeah.
You know,
I heard a story about that song that there's a keyboard solo,
which I mean I don't know shit about music.
I was consider a hacky when you take the soul,
when you take a solo and all you do is just play the melody of the song.
So that was basically what the studio musician on keys was instructed to do.
So He's reading the sheet music and he was playing the solo to that song.
And evidently he started laughing when he was playing it because it sounded like
like some five year old shit.
But of course that sells a zillion albums.
Which brings me back to the Golden State Warriors.
Jay's is,
I'm going a long way where people go,
yeah,
this is bad for basketball.
Why is it getting such high ratings?
I'll tell you why.
Because the Archie's outsell miles Davis.
There you go.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I'm done talking about the NBA.
So anyways,
I got a little sonar kit.
I'm so fucking excited to play and I can't wait.
I'm not going to have any time.
I won't have any fucking time to do it.
But every once in a while hold daddy daycare,
you know my little princess,
that's why I call him my little princess.
You know,
she's got the,
you know,
babies have this little cute little fat hands.
Every morning I wake up,
I put my index finger and in her hand,
you know,
they always squeeze it and then it bring us,
oh good morning princess and I kiss a little flu fat baby hand,
you know,
and you wouldn't think that within 20 minutes of that I could get in my car and
have road rage.
But I do.
You would think at some point I could be like,
you know what,
you know,
it doesn't get any better than that,
but you know,
I,
you know,
I ended up having these fucking problems.
Can it ever just,
sorry,
just to deal with the recording here.
I'm on the road,
I'm on the road here.
How to set it down here so I can type in my fucking password.
Yeah.
MMM.
But yes,
I am on a Tony Williams,
like I disappeared down the rat hole.
Just it's,
it's over.
I am completely off there all of these years.
Always loving him,
but not getting,
you know,
I saw him live and I had no idea what the fuck he was doing.
I just knew he was one of the greats and I went to go see him and he had,
you know,
had the yellow Gretsch Kit.
I mean,
this was,
we died 97 I probably saw him in like 92 93 91 somewhere in Boston.
And,
uh,
I mean,
I was in a rough day,
they couldn't have been more than like a hundred people there.
80 a hundred people,
little jazz place.
Okay.
And I,
I told you this before and during the break I could,
I walked up and I,
I was looking at his whole setup,
you know,
we had the black dot heads,
the big like,
you know,
15 inch high hats and shit.
I saw everybody,
I told you,
I've told you guys just before I saw Louie Bellson,
he just stood there next to his kid and you went up and shook his hand.
Yeah,
yeah,
it was nuts.
It's fucking nuts.
Um,
by the way,
I did an episode of,
of Jay Leno's show his car show,
which I didn't know if Jay Leno's garage.
I've always been a fan of the website,
but I did an episode of it.
Um,
I don't know when it's going to be coming out,
but I don't know if this is gonna make the cut of,
um,
you know,
the final episode of it.
But,
um,
it was weird.
I was going to be doing his show and I was reading all this Tony Williams,
miles Davis Shit.
And I learned about this jazz club,
um,
in Peabody,
Massachusetts.
That's no longer there.
It was called Lenny's on the turnpike.
It was this little hole in the wall and all these guys used to play there.
And um,
so then I be,
I don't know,
I was reading about miles and it said he had a gig there.
Then I was like,
Peabody,
Massachusetts,
Jesus Christ.
I know what that is.
So then I started reading about the jazz club.
That's what it was.
And then I found out that Jay Leno used to open for the,
you know,
it used to play there.
So then,
but holy shit,
I'm,
I'm working with him in a week.
I've got to ask him.
So I asked him about it and he talked about fucking opening from miles Davis
at Lenny's on the turnpike.
I said,
Holy Shit,
what was it like to meet that guy?
He goes,
you know,
it goes a,
he was kind of distant and I go really?
And I think it was kind of,
you know,
I mean,
the guy,
obviously he had a reputation for being a little bit moody,
but he was also,
he said,
this is what he said he goes to do,
you got to understand this was,
it was Boston in the early seventies is bad as Boston is now.
It was like a thousand times even more racist back then.
And he was a black guy driving around in a Ferrari and you used to get pulled
over like every five feet.
So he said,
Jay was saying that,
you know,
when a,
basically by the time he met Jay,
he was,
he kinda had his fill of white people.
So anyways,
um,
so let me read some advertising here this week and if anybody else knows any
like,
uh,
cool shit from that fucking error for me to listen to.
Um,
I mean it just fascinates me how like jazz was like the main stream and then
blues and R and B,
and then,
you know,
white people turn it into rock and roll or whatever that that ended up taking
over and it's just like,
yeah,
what was gonna because it's the direction of jazz just kept growing and growing,
growing to the point,
that shit that I was just explaining to you guys,
it took me 30 years to understand what the fuck was going on.
Just as a regular person,
you're going to lose the mainstream at that point,
but you got to give it up to those guys for having the balls to just say,
yeah,
well fuck it.
This is the direction we're going in.
Right?
MMM.
They have to be like the level that they were playing.
They had to know that half the fucking audience had no idea what was going on.
Or you were just playing to a whole crowd full of musicians,
right?
I know I'm in way over my head.
Who the fuck am I?
Who am I?
Who am I to say I'm just a comedian.
Does a fucking podcast here.
All right,
let's uh,
Jesus,
we've got a couple of reads here.
Um,
all right.
Frame Bridge.
Everybody.
Mother's Day is right around the corner.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
This is how low on the totem pole men are.
There they are.
They're already advertising mother's Day.
So Ron,
the corner,
it's fucking 11 months away.
I'm fucking with you.
You know,
obviously what they did,
they forgot to put father's day in there.
Who gives a shit?
It should dead.
Go get 'em get 'em a belt.
Give him something else to beat you with.
Get us some strong Cologne.
So you know,
he's coming down the hall.
You get a chance to fucking jump out the window.
All right.
Mother's Day is right around the corner in frame for father's Day is right
around the corner,
dammit,
and mother's Day makes it so easy to give a thoughtful gift that will last for
years.
Order in minutes without ever leaving the house and they'll ship your custom
gifts straight to your mom's door.
But the personalized gift don't.
This is fucking hilarious.
Your Dad's door.
Is this the right shit?
Does your dad want a picture?
Go to frame bridge.com I would.
Yeah.
If my daughter got a framed picture of the two of us up,
God that melt my heart,
I would like that frame pictures so much.
I would try to figure out how to stick it in my wallet with the frame.
Go to frame bridge.com choose your frame or let their designers help you choose.
Upload your photo from your computer or directly from Instagram.
Prefer you've preview your photo online in the frame you choose can upload your
photo or art.
No worries.
You can mail it for free.
Instead of the hundreds you pave at a framing store,
their prices start at $39 all shipping is free.
Plus my listeners,
my listeners will get 50% 50% off their first order frame.
bridge.com when they order using my code burr frame bridge uses premium real
wood moldings,
acid free med board,
ea.
You know all this shit.
It's fucking great.
Don't get stuck searching for a last minute gift order for father's Day
delivery.
Go to frame bridge.com and use the Promo Code [inaudible].
You'll save an additional 15% off your first order.
Just go to [inaudible] dot com promo code per frame frame.
bridge.com Promo Code Bart.
Yeah,
just so you guys went to a game together.
That's a pro.
That's a great dad gift.
You know what I mean?
Unless your dad doesn't like sports and I don't know what you guys both looking
through a fucking
well,
this,
I didn't know what it's called.
Not a magnifying glass.
What's the thing?
A microscope.
Whenever you,
smart people do already the Zipper Zip.
Wow.
Screwed up.
Are you hiring?
Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidate?
She a fucking dope.
Uh,
talk about the challenges of finding great town.
Oh,
Jesus.
You know,
you,
you can shake a stick at a dope walking down the street,
but can you find a talented one?
It's really difficult.
You got to find that really great talented person to be successful at business.
Is that good?
Um,
how's Zip recruiter is different?
Oh my God.
There they are.
Way than button recruiter with ZipRecruiter.
You can post your job to 100 job sites,
100 plus job sites with just one click.
Then their powerful technology efficiency matches the right people to your job
better than anyone else.
That's why zip
is different.
Unlike other job sites,
ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you.
It finds them.
In fact,
over 80% of jobs posted on Zip.
Don't get a qualified candidate in just 24 hours.
No juggling emails or calls to your office office.
Simply screen rate and manage candidates all in one place with ZipRecruiter's.
Easy to use dashboard called action.
Find out today why zip?
Ooh,
has been used by businesses of all,
so I'm running out of ways to say this.
People sizes to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results
and right now my listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right for free.
Just go to ziprecruiter.com/burr that's ziprecruiter.com/ [inaudible] one more
time for free.
Go to zip
[inaudible] dot com slash Barb all right,
that's it.
I don't even say recruiter anymore.
I just yell.
All right,
legal zoom.
Last one.
In order to successfully run your own business,
attention to detail is so critical.
One contract slip up or legal misunderstanding can really set you back.
What do you mean we're broke?
Fortunately,
there's legal zone.
You may already know that over half a million,
over a million,
sorry.
Americans have used legal zoom to start their own business by legal zoom
services go well beyond business formation.
It'll help you hide a body.
They built a nationwide network of independent attorneys who can provide legal
answers to the day to day questions you have about your business.
Because let's face it,
things like trademarks,
employer employment laws and lease agreements can get pretty complicated.
That's such a nice way of saying,
let's face it,
you're a fucking dope.
You don't want to deal with this.
You know what I am and I'm proud of it.
So don't waste your valuable time trying to wrap your head around all the fine
print.
That's true.
All successful people,
you know what they do?
They delegate,
they delegate,
they delegate.
I'm not good at this shit.
Hey Yo Myron with the glasses.
You're good with numbers,
aren't ya?
Of course you are.
Here's a pencil.
Figure this shit out.
Um,
so don't waste your valuable time trying to wrap your head around all the fine
print.
Use Legal Zoom for that so you can focus on growing your business.
Instead,
you'll get the legal help you need without being billed by the hour.
Since legalzoom isn't a law firm,
go to legal zoom.com today and be sure to enter code burr in the referral box
for special savings only@legalzoom.com all right,
mercifully my reading out loud is over.
You know,
last week I might have somehow doing an hour on having such a good fucking time
here.
All right,
well I got to read this thing and then I'm out of here.
All right.
Last week are Monday,
I should say.
I read this,
we had the heading to an email question and we did not have the email.
Andrew feminist apologizes profusely and I had to stop him from committee.
Harry Carey.
Alright,
lady needing advice.
Don't want to go to males.
Friends wedding.
Hey Bill,
I really enjoy the advice portion of your podcasts and could use an objective
opinion.
I am a lady and have a male friend that I've been friends with since I was 10
years old.
I'm now 29
you know what guys,
I got to apologize something.
I have this great bit,
I can't wait to try out tomorrow night.
And I literally was thinking about the joke I wanted to do and how far I was
going to take it while I read all of that.
So I have no idea what's going on this email.
If just please forgive me as I reread this.
Uh,
I am a lady and have a male friend that I'd been friends with.
What you just said you were friends.
I have a male friend that had been enemies with,
I have a male friend that I'd been friends with since I was 10 years old.
I'm 29 now cause you've been friends with this guy for 19 years,
you know?
Geez.
Did the fingerprinting you pick in the seventh grade by friend is with this girl
that I've never warmed up to.
She's a bit now wait a minute.
Did you always think he was going to ask you?
Is that what it is?
Maybe they're not built.
Why don't you just read the fucking thing?
She's a bit condescending,
phony and I just don't like her.
He's,
he's in his early thirties.
She's 25.
Ah,
so she's got you on the older dominator there and they both currently live with
his mom who also happens to be a good friend of mine.
They have crappy jobs,
don't pay as mom rent or contribute much,
but instead they're putting money back to have a wedding by the end of the year.
I love my friend,
but he's always been a bit immature when it comes to money responsibilities.
Why are you still hanging out with these people?
These people sound like fucking losers.
Walk away.
Be Thankful you didn't hit your wagon to this shit.
I can tell you right now,
if you are with this guy and you were living in his mom's house,
she would not be friends with his mom anymore.
You'd be like,
I gotta get the Fuck Outta here.
Anyways.
They,
they're not,
they're immature when it comes to money,
responsibility or what it takes to be an adult.
He's still depends on his mom a lot.
He's 32.
This is pathetic.
I don't hear a dad in this scenario here.
We did not have a dad and he didn't learn how to be a ma.
Uh,
be a man,
I should say a mom.
Uh,
when my grandmother recently died,
I was devastated and he asked me for my,
my address.
I thought I would get a sympathy card,
but instead I got a save the date card.
Oh my God.
That's sad and fucking hilarious.
It pisses me off that he's a bit of a selfish prick in his own world and also a
dumb ass for being in such a rush to get married when neither one of them has
their shit together.
It's difficult
me
to be supportive before you assume I'm secretly in love with him,
which I did.
I'm sorry.
Our friendship has been nothing but platonic and I recently got married myself.
I'm sorry,
but this whole thing read like when Harry met Sally,
except Perry never moved out.
Um,
I don't want to get,
I don't want to go to their wedding.
My question is,
do you think I should put my show side and try to be supportive of my friends
since he's happy?
I feel as though our friendship has shifted a ton since he's been with this girl
and it's no longer easy talking to him.
This is what she'd do.
You go to the wedding and then you just gradually back away,
you've outgrown these people.
Okay.
That said,
you're married,
you have your own fucking life.
If he wants to live at home with his mother,
with his new wife,
and whatever the fuck it is is going to do,
you just go there and just having nice smile on your face.
Just being happy that you're not the on the other side of the I do.
Okay.
I'm still not a hundred percent
mmm.
Buying the fact that you don't have some sort of feelings for this kid who's now
still acting like a kid in his thirties.
You're 29.
He's 32.
He was three years old or you probably said this is perfect.
Then you envision him wearing a suit and coming home,
bringing like Hugh Beaumont and the beginning of leave it to beaver with a
higher end fucking GM product,
Oldsmobile,
possibly a Buick.
Who knows?
MMM.
I Dunno.
Uh,
but this is what I would do.
You've got to let it go.
It wasn't meant to be in k.
And even if you don't have romantic,
um,
feelings for this person,
all right?
If you don't have feelings for this fucking person,
I can already tell you the fact that it's so driving you nuts that you had to
write into some dope like me doing a podcast.
Um,
I dunno the way,
the way this is all written,
I think you wear your feelings on your sleeve and they're going to know what's
up.
I would go there,
you know,
smile,
a wave.
That's it.
And then I would not torture your husband on the way home or the whole night
critiquing them about how fucking stupid it is,
because they can tell you this right now.
Your husband doesn't want to fucking go.
So it's,
you should go,
you should do is you should go there and you should have a great fucking time
with your husband and he should thank him for not being a fucking loser that
lives at home with his mom.
They go,
all right.
And then go to frame bridge.
Take a picture.
You had tits and give it to them on Sunday.
That's the podcast.
Everybody.
God bless all of you.
God bless America had a that said,
get off the Internet.
Go sit on the stoop.
Go make some music with your friends.
Stop taking life so fucking seriously,
uh,
stay away from credit cards.
Stay away from the meth.
Uh,
your doctor prescribes any painkillers that has any opiates in it.
Do not take them.
Tough it out.
Just watch.
There will be blood.
Did she sit there on the couch or her?
Toughing it out.
Fucking guy dragged himself out of the fucking Wiley.
Coyote mine with a broken leg that go in town just to get a fucking gold nickel.
All right,
you could do it.
All right.
That's the podcast.
Have a great weekend.
You're constant.
I'll talk to you on Monday.
Okay.
All
right.
Overrated.
Uh,
relationships.
do I really want to read this one with you?
Who's here?
Can you come near the microphone to be a frigging professional?
When this unprofessional show,
you're just sitting.
Why are you wearing moccasins?
They're my slippers.
Their moccasins,
moccasins,
slippers.
Ooh.
Hi.
Ya,
you got a little Indian blood in your w hey,
you should do I have like one.
Let me you,
what do you get?
Black feet?
Yeah,
you get it.
Nothing.
I get nothing on that.
That was stupid.
You know what,
what?
Go Fuck Yourself.
Here we go,
uh,
relationships.
So,
uh,
sure that can be good.
But are they ever great?
Every married guy I know reminisces about his days as a single man.
Married guys worn single guys not to get into relationships.
They weren't guys with girlfriends to never under any circumstances get married.
This is all true.
When you're single,
you can do whatever the fuck you want.
Whatever you want without first,
uh,
wait a minute.
Let me get this closer without first filtering your decisions through the
desires of a chick who probably doesn't even know what she wants most of the
time and is motivated by the worldview of sex and the city.
Wow.
This person sounds like a real prize.
Yeah,
but this is true though.
This is an all women.
A lot of women are fucking idiots.
Just like guys,
what'd you say?
Most guys are fucking idiots.
I would actually,
and aren't most women,
aren't most people fucking idiots.
Listen,
we're all rapists,
but when we talk,
all I know is that no one is Annrai bubble.
Okay?
Okay.
And I am as exotic is a grilled cheese sandwich.
I think that might be an instant classic.
Um,
there wasn't even tomato in that sandwich was there.
even when the chicks get a what they think they want,
they,
they're usually still miserable.
That's how stupid most of them are.
All right now.
Yeah.
Now he's sneaky.
This haze in my school,
he's in my quad.
I liked this guy.
Uh,
you're never going to make them happy.
So why even try,
uh,
not being constrained by a relationship was one of the greatest things of all
time.
It's a man's world.
Uh,
women need more.
Women need men more than men need women.
Most men can thrive alone.
Most women can't.
He's young.
He can tell these young he hasn't,
he hasn't like women are still looking at him.
He's a fucking idiot,
is what he is.
No,
he is.
And he's learning.
I was this guy.
Then you realize at some point you're old and women don't care anymore,
so you've got to grab one on.
Just hang onto them,
drag them down with you.
Um,
most women can't ask any honest bisexual girl and she'll like you tell you that
she wants to end up with a man.
Jesus,
this guy just keeps every time I think he's gone as far as he's going to go,
he keeps going.
I love him.
Uh,
enjoy being single.
Unless you're a total fucking failure of a man,
you almost always be able to get a girlfriend if you're really want one,
realize yeah,
if you're past a certain age,
dude,
there's a certain amount of money you have to be making,
uh,
for that to continue to happen.
And this is,
there's a fucking sadness to that life that I can't even begin to describe a,
realize what a blessing your freedom is and never allowed desperation to put you
in chains.
He's making some good points here.
He definitely has some issues with women,
some issues he's,
but he does a lot of truth in that.
Nia,
they're all dying alone.
Asshole.
Hey,
hey,
hey.
Well,
listen,
what this,
well,
basically what you just said was that you're a dumb girl because that's what he
was attacking.
What do you mean it's your world?
It's your world.
Ah,
we were almost out without an argument,
but why am I dumb?
Because he's attacking women whose worldview comes from sex in the city.
So somehow you got offended by that.
First of all,
he's not just attacking women whose worldview is sex and saying,
oh,
I think he is.
He's attacking all women.
Look at,
Oh,
I know.
He was just being some women was just being silly.
Being silly.
Oh,
you're right,
you're right.
Look,
you know,
you know his mother never hugged him.
He's got issues.
He's not our fault.
What do you,
don't,
don't drag me into this.
I relate to this guy are as women,
I'm speaking as women.
Why don't you just speak for yourself?
You fucking delusional.
Jackass.
Who elected you?
You did.
I'm sitting there,
aren't I?
You know,
I didn't say to represent all women.
I'm not representing all women's,
but I think I can say with with,
with underwears clarity that most smart women who see this would be like,
go fuck yourself.
You do.
All right,
well I'll,
can I just make a comment about the whole married versus unmarried thing?
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Single people who are alone look at couples and I,
they get a little twinge of like,
oh that's nice.
I wish I had somebody to come home to at night that has my back.
No matter what.
That's what you're missing.
You shortsighted moron,
is that you've got somebody who's there with you who's going to take care of
you,
who's going to love you and protects you and have your back.
It's not just about like just to be with someone.
We got it.
Listen,
how do you hold on to this person and the way that I want to do,
cause you're,
you're being mean.
This podcast,
this podcast email is ridiculous.
Guys crying out for help,
whatever.
Fine go on.
This podcast is not about being mean and taking shots of people who can't defend
themselves.
That's exactly what it was.
Took you long enough to figure that out.
Um,
all right.
No,
but there's,
there's,
there's a great truth in what he's saying here is a lot of people just jumping
relationship,
jumping in,
relationship jumping relationship,
and it's like relationships a fucking difficult.
Yes.
Okay,
so you better pick the right person or you're going to be fucking miserable.
So you are better off to be single and lonely rather than,
than just being in some shit to just be in some shit.
So he got somebody to fucking make brownies with.
That's what he was trying to say.
All right,
true.
But he didn't say that.
He ended up saying that most cigs are going to be miserable anyway,
and they all have the stupid worldview.
That's true.
Most women aren't going to be miserable and they're never going to be fucking
happy.
Okay.
You basing this on,
you know,
something,
you guys always say a good man is hard to find.
That works both fucking ways.
I understand.
Well then that's,
this is what bell wealth.
This motherfucker hasn't found the one yet.
So he's going to,
he's going,
he's dating a bunch of lashing out at everybody because he can't seem to figure
out how to make a relationship work and he can't find the value in the
relationship.
So automatically it's not valuable.
First of all,
the hype person lashing out as you right now,
you lost your temper is a guy here.
He,
he writes in,
he's looking for a little bit of Goddamn guidance.
He wants somebody to advice.
He got it.
He's fucking hilarious.
MMM.
Underrated.
Great it
over it,
under it for this week.
Uh,
overrated fucking voicemail,
leaving them as the most awkward thing.
I've always said that I'm terrible at leaving them,
but whenever I say that,
everyone else,
whenever I say that,
everyone else always says it too.
So I'm putting my foot down on the issue and calling it right now,
leaving a message for someone on the phone sucks.
There's no way to start your message normally without sounding like a Douche.
And then five minutes later you realize you've been trailing on and on while
saying,
ah,
um,
too many times making you want to kill yourself,
ending with the inevitable a.
Okay,
thanks.
By reminding them that you're still a Douche.
Fucking awful dude.
This is something that's really like an epidemic in this young generation is
everybody just feeling awkward and feeling like a Douche.
I Dunno what happened to you guys.
I think this last generation of fathers,
they flipped.
Like,
I'm not going to beat the shit out of my kid,
not hug them and never tell him that I,
that I,
that I love him.
Uh,
you know,
I'm going to do all of that shit and you end up with these people who can't even
fucking leave voicemails.
Okay.
What is so awkward,
you know?
Okay.
I,
you know what?
I have a hard time getting off the phone.
I forget.
I forget what I used to say.
Okay.
But I don't feel awkward.
Yeah.
Well,
I just feel like an idiot,
I guess.
So I guess I kind of relate.
Okay.
I just go.
All right.
That's it.
I'm Outta here.
I will say that believe in a message.
I like leaving messages.
I sing on people's voicemails,
you know,
whenever I call up fucking Blob,
Yay.
Bobby Kelly,
or in fucking Joey roses.
I call him up and I,
I'll just immediately,
I'll just,
whatever comes to my mind,
I'll just start singing.
Who's the con to that?
I love the most.
Who's that fucker?
Who eats the toasts ditch?
Joey,
he's such a big FHEG.
Derosa what's going on?
It's bill.
Give me a call back.
You can't click.
That's it.
Why don't you try singing?
You can do it for anybody.
Hey Mom,
what's up you sweetie?
Thanks for having me.
40 years ago I sent you some flowers.
You didn't call me.
Do you like my siblings better than me?
Click right?
Why don't you do that?
Try that search.
Try singing first.
Um,
all right.
Underrated.
Overrated.
Sitting Down to pee.
If you're a guy.
Uh,
yeah.
Is it that,
how old are you?
Is it that hard to stand up?
What is wrong with this fucking generation of guys?
You know,
sit down to pee.
It's actually easier and you don't get varicose veins from all those years.
There's nothing better than just pulling out your Dick.
It just fucking pee and all over everything.
You know,
he's fucking shooting the toilet paper around.
It's fucking good time.
Um,
anyways,
it says the guy who drives a fucking hybrid.
Um,
anyways,
there are many benefits to being a guy in sitting down to peace,
such as not having to hear your chick complain about peeing on the seat,
even though it's on the fucking top of the bowl and it's not actually the seat.
Yup.
Here's a guy,
he's,
he's literally sitting down to pee,
so his girlfriend will stop.
Yeah,
we got him.
Okay.
I don't know what happened.
People a hundred years ago,
we could hit him with mop handles and I don't know what happened.
They got organized and we didn't,
and now we're sitting down to pee just so they'll stop yelling at us.
Um,
all right,
number two,
if you like me,
if you're like me and you wake up to pee at night,
you don't have to fuck with your eyes and turn on the bathroom lights to aim.
Oh Dude,
you take it all the fun out of it.
That's how you train your ear.
All right,
that sounds like the back of the bowl.
Where's the water?
That's the floor.
There it is.
One small step.
Um,
number three,
not bending down to lift up the seat out.
You know what dude?
You're a fucking pansy.
Not Bending down to clean off to see less bending in general.
Why don't you just bend over and suck your own Dick is just sit on the bowl.
You fucking Douche.
Fuck that guy peeing.
Sitting down.
You know
what else sir?
What?
What else is overrated?
Lifting weights.
Um,
owning a gun.
Chewing tobacco.
Eating steak.
What else?
Drinking Scotch.
Smoking cigars.
Fixing your own car.
What else?
Or what else is fucking overrated?
Everything that makes being a guy fucking awesome.
Losing your shit.
Because some guy you don't know Mr. Field goal that really has no effect on your
life talking shit.
Is that all overrated,
Lee Marvin?
Yeah.
The only thing that saved you surge,
you didn't leave your name.
So that,
that's the only thing that I can say is I can at least see that there was sort
of some,
some sort of shame
[inaudible]
[inaudible].